[7346] Turn on the redis worker for `productiondata` in preparation for next academic year (#4473)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: docs/adr/0009-enable-sidekiq-worker-on-productiondata.md

# 9. Enable Sidekiq worker on productiondata

Date: 2024-07-17

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> In preparation for the next academic year we need to test the changes that we've made on the `productiondata`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In preparation for the next academic year we need to test the changes that we've made in the `productiondata` environment.
```

Generally the worker is off as there is no need for it to be running all the time.

> It is also off be default to prevent any unintentional mishaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also off by default to prevent any unintentional mishaps.
```

## Decision

> We scaled the Sidekiq worker to 1 replica for `productiondata` so as for the jobs to be functional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We scaled the Sidekiq worker to 1 replica for `productiondata` so that the jobs will function.
```
